hi my name is Paige and I'm a student at
the University of Cambridge
I've looked my life at University which
consists of a lot of studying amongst
other things I always get sent questions
asking what my personal motivation to
study is why do I study what compels me
to get my books out why do I want to
learn my study oriented videos often
give the impression that I am eternally
motivated this is definitely not the
case
like most people I have days when I lack
motivation and the drive to get my books
out i procrastinate I daydream I stress
I'm only human and it's normal I'm
making this video for myself as much as
I am for you guys watching it's a
reminder of why I should keep working
hard for the days when I question what
I'm doing hopefully it will also serve
as a source of motivation for everyone
else and remind you all of the benefits
of studying too so yeah I've made a list
of reasons of why I study and I'm going
to share them in this video
reason number one it keeps life
entertaining I would get so bored doing
nothing all day every day I want to
exercise my brain and be productive
reason number two I like my subjects I
didn't choose to study for a physics
degree at random I have always found
physics genuinely interesting and want
to gain a deeper understanding of it
reason number three I enjoy the
challenge
it's fun to set personal academic goals
and see how far I can push myself reason
number four I love the feeling I get
when I obtain good exam results that
rush of pride and relief and joy when I
see my good grades and know that my hard
work has paid off I love that feeling
achievements make me feel good reason
number five I like to be the best at
everything
this may sound sickening pretentious and
quite frankly irritating but it's true
and of course impossible to achieve but
I can give it my best shot like most
people I have a competitive streak
combine that with my perfectionist
nature and you'll understand why I
always want to be top of the class
reason number six good grades are a
massive advantage when it comes to
obtaining a good job which leads to
earning a good living and can set you up
for life
yes there are other routes to success
but doing well at school and university
makes things a lot easier
reason number seven I want to make an
impact on the world I'm not going to do
that by sitting around doing nothing at
some point in this lifetime I want to
make a difference accumulating knowledge
is the first step and that's it just
seven key factors that motivate me to
study I'd love to hear from you guys to
comment down below your biggest studied
motivation and let's all get motivated
together with my exams fast approaching
it is more important than ever to stay
focused and remain calm good luck to
everyone else currently studying whether
that be for exams coursework or just for
fun if you enjoyed the video be sure to
hit the like button subscribe if you
haven't already and I'll see you soon
with another video bye
[Music]